# Getting the right datasets
> Notes from 2nd group meeting

## What do we need
- For training
    - Clean, possibly anechoic speech recordings
    - Environmental noises (traffic, home appliances, etc)
    - Room impulse responses (at varius T60, position, etc)
- For testing
    - Recordings of noisy and reverberated speech, with transcription (for using ASR system for evaluation)

## Tools
- Simulated RIRs: Roomsimove at https://members.loria.fr/EVincent/software-and-data/
- 

## Datasets
### CHIME
#### 1
Binaurally recorded audio in a domestic setting. It employs a small vocabulary ASR task and a static speaker. 
Papers: "The PASCAL CHiME speech separation and recognition challenge", "The CHiME corpus: a resource and a challenge for Computational Hearing in Multisource Environments"
#### 2 
Moving speaker and a medium vocabulary ASR task. 
Paper: "The second CHiME Speech Separation and Recognition Challenge: Datasets, tasks and baselines"
#### 3
Speech recorded using a 6 channel tablet device in a number of indoor and outdoor urban environments.
Paper: "The Third ‘CHIME’ Speech Separation and Recognition Challenge: Analysis and Outcomes"
#### 4
Extension of CHiME 3 with a 1, 2 and 6 channel setting.
Paper: "The Third ‘CHIME’ Speech Separation and Recognition Challenge: Analysis and Outcomes"
#### 5
Distant microphone multi-party conversation in a domestic setting.
Paper: "The fifth `CHiME’ Speech Separation and Recognition Challenge: Dataset, task and baselines"

### TIMIT
???

### SiSEC-2015-MUS-task
???

### WSJ-0
???

### IEEE DEMAND
???

## Conclusions
CHIME 1 and 2 seem useful for our task; the papers explain how they are generated and what they're based on:
 - Background noises, BRIR: self-collected
 - Target speech: Grid corpus (annotated!)

Link to dataset: http://spandh.dcs.shef.ac.uk/chime_challenge/chime2011/datasets.html
A similar setup could be implemented in the DataGenerator class, i.e. using Grid + RIR + noise.
Care must be taken in controlling SNR levels. Note: training data is noise-free, dev/test data has noise.

